(music)
I've been active my whole life but I've
ran Boston in 2001,
then I joined the gym for about three
years, and I would go once a week, twice
a week.
With the gym I got burnt out because I
got bored of being on the treadmill.
Then I just stopped everything and
I gained a lot of weight and I wasn't happy
with myself.
Three and a half years ago my wife saw
an ad for bootcamp in
the paper and she said you should do it for
tree months. So with the encouragement from
her back and I signed up for it.  I loved
it the first day I went there and I
mean
I lost the weight. Ever since then I've
been gone five days a week and it's like
I'm addicted to it.
I love it and I'm in the best shape of
my life and I just turned 50 and I don't
feel it.
If I wasn't doing it with the classes,
if I was doing it by myself,
I know myself I would quit. When you're
in the gym you try to-
from a running standpoint you're on a
treadmill you look at the clock, it's so
easy to just jump off and hit stop.
That's the good thing about being
a part of
boot camp is there's always people there that
are in front of you that you're trying to catch
up but there's always people there
cheering you on telling you doing a good
job keep it up.
My first obstacle race I really didn't
know what to expect. I watched the
videos of it online and saw some
of the obstacles
but I still went there saying okay
I'm prepared for this with all my training.
Once I finished that first one it was
so much fun doing it with people
and all the
obstacles, it was like a different
challenge for me.
I would never think about myself doing
an obstacle race
but training for it probably you can do
anything.
Doing the different things and
different obstacles
it adds a variety of life and
makes me kinda proud that
I accomplished all of these things.
Could I ever go back to the gym?
No. I would never go back to the gym
There is nothing that I would do with
the gym that I can't do at
bootcamp anymore. I've run around on the
treadmill over four years and I don't think I will
ever run on another one. I'll go
out in the rain and train
rather than run on a treadmill. I like
doing it, it keeps me
alive, it wakes me up every morning.